static content creation for all the 114 species (#145)
EnsemblGenomes/ensembl-static: plants/species/Hordeum_vulgare/Hordeum_vulgare_hid055_annotation.md

**Annotation**
----------

ensembl-plants displaying genes imported from IPK-Gatersleben entry linked to the assembly with accession [GCA\_951341855.1](http://www.ebi.ac.uk/ena/data/view/GCA_951341855.1).

> Genomic annotation was deposited along with initial assembly submission by ["Martin Luther University Halle-Wittenberg"](URL_GOES_HERE).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Genomic annotation was deposited along with initial assembly submission by ["Martin Luther University Halle-Wittenberg"](https://www.uni-halle.de/?lang=en).
```
